down
Who has been advocating with you all these years?
Just someone with a voice like mine
Leave him alone.
Anyway.
Your fans love his voice
You should put him in front of the public video
Let them decide whether to continue liking him or not
He is after my vocal cords were damaged
Find an advocate
He was imitating my voice.
What it boils down to is this.
It's just an advocacy tool.
The things advocated can still be fooled
If found
The woman who accompanied Chengyu through the valley was not me
No, buckwheat must die
Who is that advocate?
Why don't you want everyone to see
That's because he sounds like me.
I'm afraid everyone won't like me after knowing him
It's the listener's choice.
If he had a precious voice like you
I don't think you should act cute
He doesn't want to show up.
Why? Because he's ugly.
Yeah, because he was ugly.
So he doesn't want to be exposed to the public
That's why he's an advocate for me.
And he was right.
This woman advocated by Jiang Yurou
Yes, it's really ugly.
No, how do you know you know him?